Not translated messages: The return of the intl (#312)
vtex-apps/admin-pages: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Changed

> - Decreases batch size to make less probable a timeout with messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Decrease batch size to make less probable a timeout with messages.
- Upgrade TypeScript to v3.7.3.
```
